Add start your blog post (#28)
rdjpalmer/website: src/posts/start-your-blog.md

---
layout: post
title: "Starting a blog is easier than you think"
date: 2020-07-19
slug: "/starting-a-blog"
description: >-
  "How to start a blog". Write one post. Publish it. Share it. No more excuses. Get on with it already!
---

In an unexpected turn of events, a number of my team at TransferWise have set out to start blogs. Actually. It's not that unexpected if you count the times I’ve spoken to someone who wants to start one. Seems everyone **wants** to, but very few go on to.

> I guess the idea is nice. A place to solidify then share your thinking. But the actual process is hard. I’m not yet prolific, but here I am, giving advice on the topic.

Author: ```suggestion
I guess the idea is nice. A place to solidify then share your thinking. But the process of writing is hard. I'm yet to find my feet, but I'm here giving advise on the topic. Being prolific is hard. Starting is straight forward.
```

> Starting is straight forward.
> 
> Write one post. Publish it. Share it.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Like anything else, it’s too easy to procrastinate. It’s the designer conundrum which stops them from getting their portfolio finished. Starting a blog? Nah, can’t have a blog until you’ve got the perfect design. Can’t have a blog without content first. Can't have a blog with only one post.

Author: ```suggestion
Like anything else, it’s too easy to procrastinate. It’s the designer's conundrum which stops them from getting their portfolio finished.

Starting a blog? Nah, can’t have a blog until you’ve got the perfect design. Can’t have a blog without content first. Can't have a blog with only one post.

Bullshit.

Write one post. Publish it. Share it.
```

They’re all excuses. Write a post. Put it **somewhere.** You can change that somewhere after. That’s the easy part.

If you're capable of writing HTML, you have all the prerequisites for publishing a blog:

1. Write a post
2. Convert to HTML

> 3. Host it

Author: ```suggestion
3. Host it
4. Publish it
5. Share it
```

> Done that? Buy a domain and point it at your static website. Not okay with the browser styles? Add some CSS. The point is it to publish it first, **then** iterate. You've been afford the luxury of being a beginner. You're at the beginning of your journey. Make the most of it. You don't have readers to piss off. You don't have anyone questioning why things aren't as good as they could be. As Shia LaBeouf proclaimed, **just do it**.

Author: ```suggestion
Done that? Buy a domain and point it at your static website. Not okay with the browser styles? Add some CSS. The point is it to publish it first, **then** iterate.

Can't or don't want to build it yourself? Even easier:

1. Write a post
2. Pick a blogging platform
3. Publish it
4. Share it

You've been afford the luxury of being a beginner. You're at the beginning of your journey. Make the most of it. You don't have readers to piss off. No one will care what it looks like. You don't have anyone questioning why things aren't as good as they could be. As Shia LaBeouf proclaimed, **just do it**.
```

---
layout: post

> title: "Start your blog"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Starting a blog is easier than you think"
```

> date: 2020-06-15

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2020-07-19
```

> slug: "/start-your-blog"

Author: ```suggestion
slug: "/starting-a-blog"
```

description: >-
  "How to start a blog". Write one post. Publish it. Share it. No more excuses. Get on with it already!
---

In an unexpected turn of events, a number of my team at TransferWise have set out to start blogs. Actually. It's not that unexpected if you count the times I’ve spoken to someone who wants to start one. Seems everyone **wants** to, but very few go on to.

> I guess the idea is nice. A place to share your solidify then share your thinking. But the actual process of it is hard. I’m not even prolific, yet here I am, trying to give advice on the topic.

Author: ```suggestion
I guess the idea is nice. A place to solidify then share your thinking. But the actual process is hard. I’m not yet prolific, but here I am, giving advice on the topic.
```

> But starting is straight forward.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting is straight forward.
```

Write one post. Publish it. Share it.

> Like honestly, it’s so easy to procrastinate your way to never having a blog. It’s the classic designer conundrum which stops them from getting their portfolio website finished. They want to redesign it immediately. A blog? Nah, can’t have a blog until you’ve got the perfect design. Can’t have a blog without content first. Can't have a blog with only post post either.

Author: ```suggestion
Like anything else, t’s so easy to procrastinate your way to never starting. It’s the classic designer conundrum which stops them from getting their portfolio finished. They want to redesign it immediately. A blog? Nah, can’t have a blog until you’ve got the perfect design. Can’t have a blog without content first. Can't have a blog with only one post either.
```

They’re all excuses. Write a post. Put it **somewhere.** You can change that somewhere after. That’s the easy part.

If you're capable of writing HTML, you have all the prerequisites for publishing a blog:

1. Write a post
2. Convert to HTML
3. Host it

Done that? Buy a domain and point it at your static website. Not okay with the browser styles? Add some CSS. The point is it to publish it first, **then** iterate. You've been afford the luxury of being a beginner. You're at the beginning of your journey. Make the most of it. You don't have readers to piss off. You don't have anyone questioning why things aren't as good as they could be. As Shia LaBeouf proclaimed, **just do it**.

> 
> What did I say?

Author: ```suggestion
```

Write one post. Publish it. Share it.

> 
> Write one post. Publish it. Share it.
> 
> Now you're blogging.

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
layout: post
title: "Starting a blog is easier than you think"
date: 2020-07-19
slug: "/starting-a-blog"
description: >-
  "How to start a blog". Write one post. Publish it. Share it. No more excuses. Get on with it already!
---

In an unexpected turn of events, a number of my team at TransferWise have set out to start blogs. Actually. It's not that unexpected if you count the times I’ve spoken to someone who wants to start one. Seems everyone **wants** to, but very few go on to.

I guess the idea is nice. A place to solidify then share your thinking. But the process of writing is hard. I'm yet to find my feet, but I'm here giving advise on the topic. Being prolific is hard. Starting is straight forward.

> Like anything else, it’s too easy to procrastinate. It’s the designer's conundrum which stops them from getting their portfolio finished.

Author: ```suggestion

Like anything else, it’s too easy to procrastinate. It’s the designer's conundrum which stops them from getting their portfolio finished.
```
